Add first version of 14.04 to 20.04 migration guide (#6310)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/images/linux-vm/14.04-to-20.04-migration.md

---
layout: classic-docs
title: "Migrating from Ubuntu 14.04 to Ubuntu 20.04"
short-title: "14.04 to 20.04 Migration"
description: |
  Helpful information to aid in migrating from the CircleCI Ubuntu 14.04 images
  to the CircleCI Ubuntu 20.04 images. This is less of a step-by-step guide but

>   rather one that points of changes and common gotchas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  rather one that points to changes and common gotchas.
```

order: 20
version:
- Cloud
- Server v3.x
- Server v2.x
---

* TOC
{:toc}

## Changes
{: #changes }

> There's a lot of changes between Ubuntu 14.04 and 20.04.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are many changes between Ubuntu 14.04 and 20.04 that you should be aware of before migrating.
```

> Many are changes that Canonical have made (the company behind Ubuntu) but also changes that CircleCI have made to the software that we pre-install.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many are changes that Canonical has made (the company behind Ubuntu), but also changes that CircleCI has made to the software that we pre-install.
```

> Let's go through them separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's go through each of these changes separately.
```

### Changes to Ubuntu
{: #change-to-ubuntu }

- kernel - The Linux kernel was bumped from v4.4 to v5.11.

> - Python - Python v2 is no longer installed by default from Ubuntu. We, CircleCI, do pre-install it however and versions can be managed [via Pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Python - Python v2 is no longer installed by default from Ubuntu. CircleCI still installs it, and versions can be managed [via Pyenv](https://github.com/pyenv/pyenv).
```

> - OpenSSH - OpenSSH was updated to v8.2. This is a new enough version to not be affected by [GitHub's deprecation](https://github.blog/2021-09-01-improving-git-protocol-security-github/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenSSH - OpenSSH was updated to v8.2. This is a new version that should not be affected by [GitHub's deprecation](https://github.blog/2021-09-01-improving-git-protocol-security-github/).
```

>   - now refuses to use RSA keys smaller than 1024 bits

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Ubuntu now refuses to use RSA keys smaller than 1024 bits.
```

- GNU Toolchain
  - glibc updated to v2.31
  - binutils updated to v2.26
  - GCC updated to v9,3
- Apt updated to v1.2
- Nginx updated to v1.18

> - nginx-core no longer ships with the legacy geoip module enabled by default

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- nginx-core no longer ships with the legacy geoip module enabled by default.
```

> - Apache has been built with TLSv1.3 support

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Apache has been built with TLSv1.3 support.
```

- Apache was updated to version 2.4.29. Additionally, HTTP/2 support is now enabled.
- LXD updated to v3.0
- PHP updated to v7.4
- Perl 5.30
- MySQL updated to v5.7
- Snap & Snapcraft - Support for running and build snap packages.

> - Java - OpenJDK v11 is now the default however CircleCI pre-installs more versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Java - OpenJDK v11 is now the default ,however, CircleCI pre-installs more versions.
```

> - OpenSSL upgraded  from v1.1.0 to v1.1.1 enabling TLS v1.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- OpenSSL upgraded from v1.1.0 to v1.1.1 enabling TLS v1.3
```

> - netplan supports IPv6 privacy extensions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- netplan supports IPv6 privacy extensions.
```

> - netplan can bring up devices without an IP for anonymous bridges

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- netplan can bring up devices without an IP for anonymous bridges.
```

> - default DNS resolver is systemd-resolved

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- default DNS resolver is systemd-resolved.
```

- Bind 9.16

> - SystemD takes over from SysV

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SystemD takes over from SysV.
```

> - gpg binary is provided by gnupg2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- gpg binary is provided by gnupg2.
```

> - gpg binary is provided by gnupg2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- gpg binary is provided by gnupg2.
```

> - Chrony v3.5 replaces ntpd

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Chrony v3.5 replaces ntpd.
```
